Resource controller -  controlling and tracking the lifecycle of resources in a customer account. 
Resource - could be any service that can be provisioned.

Provisioning (creating an "instance")
binding (creating access credentials) 
Unbinding (removing access) 
Deprovisioning (deleting an "instance")

Service brokers manage the lifecycle of services.
Platforms interact with service brokers to provision, get access to and manage the services they offer. 

OSB (Open serice broker) spec:
OSB Api defines the interaction of service broker with platform so that any software provider
can offer serivces in the platform.

Types of resources:
1. provision-through - Service broker following OSB spec manages resource lifecycle
2. provision-behind - Another API manages resource lifecycle

Aliases:
Symlinks that hold reference to a remote resource and enable interoperability and reuse of a resource instance across the platform. 
For example, you can create an instance of a service in a resource group and then reuse it from any available Cloud Foundry region by creating an alias in an org/space in those regions.

Scoped Token:
Scoped token helps to delegate some of your permissions to another user.
Scoped token identifies as a user but is limited to a set of actions by its scope.

IAM - Identify, authenticate, and authorize
Difference between Authenticate and Authorize:
    Authentication verifies if the users really are who they represent themselves to be. 
    Authorization determines what resources a user can access,
        user permission to access different levels of information.
    Authorization takes place after Authentication.

The IBM® cloud platform combines platform as a service (PaaS) with infrastructure as a service (IaaS) to provide an integrated experience. 

The Open Service Broker API defines an HTTP(S) interface between Platforms and Service Brokers

Service Broker: Service Brokers manage the lifecycle of Services. 
Platforms interact with Service Brokers to provision, and manage, Service Instances and Service Bindings.

The first endpoint that a Platform will interact with on the Service Broker is the service catalog (/v2/catalog). This endpoint returns a list of all services available on the Service Broker. 

provisioning (creating an instance)
binding (creating access credentials) 
unbinding (removing access)
de-provisioning (deleting an instance)

Cloud foundry has a resource tied to a specific region as a limitation. RC does not have such limitation, hence it is cloud foundry agnostic.

 Resource Controller has PaaS resources. resource groups are containers to manage paas resources